welcome to my kitchen
today we are going to prepare a delicious cake
meat ground well he antioquenos meat
milled to this in other parts you know him
like minced meat side we always start
to use I only make mushrooms
laminates
grated cheese oil carrot sugar
onion egg
English sauce for meat
the pepper and salt and we also need
300 milliliters of broth
I leave the amounts in the blog
we started the preparation we put the potato
to cook in the pressure cooker in
enough salt water when
valve itself that sounds
we counted the time 20 minutes and
check the fab
we started the other preparation while
the end under potato in the pot here I
to add the peels
we put the onion
he does
now we add the carrot
we leave it sautéing about 5 minutes
and then we add the meat
at this time we add the meat
you have to do it stirring
constantly and disrupting the one that does not
we are going to make the trunk
and agile we mix everything very well what
we stir and until the meat
look at how the meat is going at this moment
seize it
the mushrooms
we stir everything very well
and we leave them for two minutes
in two minutes we returned to see how
go
we add the broth
of the broth that you have of the balance
you want
here
we add sugar
the English sauce
we mix everything very well we mix it
we pepper to taste
we already take it out if we leave it well under
for 20 minutes
we take it out and leave it in low
remember on bass for 20 minutes
Now let's make mashed potatoes
now we add three quarters
of the cheese that we have I'm going
adding gradually
at this moment we pass the mixture of
ground meat to retract it
I am having fun with this
not spend much broth
look at the broth that remained was always
is lived this caldito is what can
save for another preparation
now we add the mashed potatoes
that we have to prepare
ah
you have to spread it out right away
I begin to spread it well above the
Ground beef
look at how to spread the potato in this
moment I add the cheese
that all of you have what you want
let it be grated
and now we take it to the oven at 200
free Centigrade until I
I calculate 120 minutes after I 'm
well golden I'll tell you how long
it was in the oven exactly
that's how our ground meat pie was
in the oven I had it exactly 20
15 minutes minutes fire up and water
and five minutes the last five
minutes to gratinate only the
part of above
remember that everything is cooked all
it's fine then the important thing is that
free look like 0 from rich rich divine
and try to look at the portion
It was very rich, I hope you like it.
all the good profit
until next time and thanks for watching